c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\SuggestMeASong.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\SuggestMeASong.pdb
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\obj\Debug\SuggestMeASong.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\obj\Debug\SuggestMeASong.dll
c:\users\svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\obj\Debug\SuggestMeASong.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Ewk.SoundCloud.ApiLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Ewk.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Ewk.SoundCloud.ApiLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Ewk.SoundCloud.ApiLibrary.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\SuggestMeASong.dll.config
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Google.Apis.YouTube.v3.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\bin\Zlib.Portable.pdb
C:\Users\Svetoslav\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SuggestMeASong\SuggestMeASong\obj\Debug\SuggestMeASong.csproj.App.config
